Delegates
Define what a delegate is
Supply an example of them

CallbackFunction normally bound to delegates
CreateSession() -> SessionCreated() -> Back To Our Machine letting us know that it was created
DelegateList we are going to create an object of one of these delegates and add it to the delegate list
FOnCreateSessionCompleteDelegate 
OnCreateSessionComplete() Callback
We will use this to be notify when a Session is created and steam will respond back to us
So we will be adding a protected section on our character to hold a BlueprintCallable function called CreateGameSession()
We will add a delegate as well.

```cpp
protected:  
    UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable)  
    void CreateGameSession();  
  
private:  
    FOnCreateSessionCompleteDelegate CreateSessionCompleteDelegate;
```
we will be adding the onlinesubsession to our header so we can update our code to look like this.

```cpp
#include "OnlineSubsystem.h"

public:  
    // Pointer to the online session interface  
    IOnlineSessionPtr OnlineSessionInterface;  
  
protected:  
    UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable)  
    void CreateGameSession();  
  
private:  
    FOnCreateSessionCompleteDelegate CreateSessionCompleteDelegate;  
};

```

from here we will be creating our callback function called OnCreateSessionComplete which requires a specific format for its variables /signatures.


Looks like this
```cpp
public:  
    // Pointer to the online session interface  
    IOnlineSessionPtr OnlineSessionInterface;  
  
protected:  
    UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable)  
    void CreateGameSession();  
  
    void OnCreateSessionComplete(FName SessionName, bool bWasSuccessful);  
private:  
    FOnCreateSessionCompleteDelegate CreateSessionCompleteDelegate;  
};
```
Now we will bind the delegate and callback Now, there are different types of delegates built into Unreal Engine.

This particular type of delegate can be constructed using a static function that exists on this class,

and that function can be called here in the parentheses.

So we're going to use F on create session complete delegate with a double colon, followed by the function

that will create a delegate and that is create you object.

So create new object will construct a new F on create session, complete delegate object, and it takes

some input parameters, including the callback function that we can bind to it.

So what we're doing here is constructing the delegate object and in that create new object function,

we're going to pass in the callback function to bind to it.

So we're essentially creating the delegate and binding a function to it all in one go.

Now the first input parameter is a pointer of type user class and we're going to pass and this as this

is the class that's using this delegate.

And next we need to pass in the function that we would like to bind to our delegate.

Now, it must be the address of the function.

So we have to use the address of operator and we can simply pass in the fully qualified name of the

function.

That means we'll type in a menu system, character, double colon and the name of our callback which

is on create session complete.

So we're calling Create New Object a function on this delegate class and we're passing in the user object

and the function we're binding to this delegate now Unreal Engine does have a built in shortcut when

we'd like to pass in a fully qualified function name.

And that is this class.

If we use the this class typedef you'll see that it's a typedef for this particular class where in this

is kind of a convenience that we can use if we don't want to type in the whole menu sys character class

name.

```cpp
AMenuSystemCharacter::AMenuSystemCharacter():  
CreateSessionCompleteDelegate(FOnCreateSessionCompleteDelegate::CreateUObject(this, &AMenuSystemCharacter::OnCreateSessionComplete))  
{
```

